MDSH> dect_extension -?
NAME
     dect_extension - manage authentication key for dect extension.

SYNOPSIS
     dect_extension -e -d M
     dect_extension -i -d x --authentication-par x [--send-duration x]
     dect_extension -i -d x --ipei x --authentication-key x\
         [--send-duration x]
     dect_extension -p [-d M] [--authentication-details]

PARAMETERS
     --authentication-details
        Print the 'encrypted authentication parameter' for a dect extension
        directory number. The parameter is created when a dect extension
        performs access right procedure, after which it is stored in both
        the handset and in the exchange.
        The switch takes no arguments.

     --authentication-key
        States the authentication key data to be associated with --ipei and
        -d. The authentication key is imperative for dect extension. It is
        used by the dect extension to execute location registration
        procedure. Accepted argument length is 1 to 8 digits.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.
        NOTICE: Minimum 4 digits are required by DT4x0 and DT4x2.

     --authentication-par
        States the 'encrypted authentication parameter' to be associated
        with -d. The parameter is created when a dect extension performs
        the access right procedure, after which it is stored in both the
        handset and in the exchange. This parameter shall only be used to
        re-initiate data for dect extension that have performed the access
        right procedure.
        Accepted argument length is 48.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     -d, --dir
        Directory number for an extension. The number must belong to a
        number series for extensions. Accepted argument length is 2 to 20
        digits.
        The switch requires an argument.

     -e, --erase
        Erase some settings. I.e. deconfiguration of an item (or several
        items).
        The switch takes no arguments.

     -i, --initiate
        Initiate some settings. I.e. make initial configuration of an item
        (or several items).
        The switch takes no arguments.

     --ipei
        States the 'international portable equipment identity'. The first
        12 digits in the parameter is a decimal representation of the
        Portable Part's(PP) Ipei or the SIM-card's IPDI depending on which
        type of PP is used. The last digit is a checksum in the range of
        1-10, where the value 10 represented as an asterix(*).
        Accepted argument length is 13.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     -p, --print
        Print all or some settings. I.e. print configuration of an item,
        several items, or all items.
        The switch takes no arguments.

     --send-duration
        System will send Duration IE at locate accept for this user,
        indicating that the registration needs to be renewed with in this
        time.
        Actual time is set with send-duration-time in command
        dect_system_id, the send duration time must be set for this to work.

        Verify that terminal has correct FW before setting this parameter.

        Default value for this parameter is "no". Allowed values are: '1',
        't', 'true', 'y', 'yes', '0', 'f', 'false', 'n', 'no'.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.


DESCRIPTION
     The command is used to initiate, erase and print authentication data
     for the stated directory number. The authentication data are used for
     security control of a dect extension, and is imperative for a dect
     extension when executing the location registration procedure. 'ipei'
     is used during the access rights procedure. 'authentication-key' and
     'ipei' are used when the portable accesses the system the first time.
     During the access rights procedure (which is initiated from the
     portable) the authentication key will be expanded to an encrypted
     authentication parameter. For PPs with SIM-card the serial number
     (IPDI) for the SIM-card is used instead of the serial number (IPEI)
     for the PP, as the value in parameter IPEI. If the access rights
     procedure has been performed, and the 'authentication-parameter is
     known, this can be entered directly and there is no need to perform
     the procedure again.

     The --initiate switch orders creation of dir, 'ipei' and
     authentication key or, dir and authentication details. When 'ipei' and
     authentication key is used must 'on air' subscription be performed
     from the terminal before initiation procedure is done.

     The --erase switch orders removal of the authentication key for stated
     directory numbers. Note that it is important to also remove the
     authentication key from the portable part (PP), in order to avoid
     problems with conflicting authentication keys in the future, when a
     new PP tries to activate the old authentication key in the system.

     The --print switch orders a printout of authentication key data for
     stated directory numbers. 'authentication-key' and 'ipei' are used
     when the portable accesses the system for the first time. During the
     access rights procedure (which is initiated from the portable) the
     authentication key will be expanded to an encrypted authentication
     parameter. 'authentication-key' and 'ipei' are then removed from the
     system. If the parameter 'authentication-details' is omitted, the
     'authentication-key' and 'ipei' of the directory number(s) will be
     printed. If the parameter 'authentication-details' is included, the
     authentication parameter, is printed, and data will only be printed
     for the dect extensions which have performed the access rights
     procedure.

EXAMPLES
     Initiate authentication key data 01234567 for a dect extension with
     directory number 4496 and IPEI 0000707404102.
        example% dect_extension -i -d 4496 --authentication-key\
            01234567 --ipei 0000707404102

     Initiate encrypted authentication parameter
     1ABF694FD8742D7C100FB36F1ABF694FD8742D7C100FB36F
        example% dect_extension -i -d 4496 --authentication-par\
            1ABF694FD8742D7C100FB36F1ABF694FD8742D7C100FB36F

     Initiate with send-duration active and encrypted authentication
     parameter.
     Verify that terminal has correct FW before executing.
        example% dect_extension -i -d 4496 --authentication-par\
            1ABF694FD8742D7C100FB36F1ABF694FD8742D7C100FB36F \
             --send-duration yes

     Remove the authentication key for a dect extension with directory
     number 4496.
        example% dect_extension -e -d 4496

     Print authentication data for a dect extension with directory number
     4496.
        example% dect_extension -p -d 4496

     Print authentication data details for a dect extension with directory
     number 4496.
        example% dect_extension -p -d 4496 --authentication-details


For more complete help type 'dect_extension --help-complete'.
