MDSH> extension_profile -?
NAME
     extension_profile - manage an extension_profile

SYNOPSIS
     extension_profile [-v] [-V] -c --csp x [--customer x] [--csp-name\
         x] [--ext-cdiv x] [--ext-cnnlog x] [--ext-npres x] [--ext-roc x]\
         [--ext-serv x] [--ext-traf x] [--forced-disconnect-time x]\
         [--idle-delay-time x] [--offered-time x] [--ext-legacy x]
     extension_profile [-v] [-V] -e --csp x [--customer x]
     extension_profile [-v] [-V] -i --csp x [--csp-name x] [--customer\
         x] --ext-cdiv x [--ext-cnnlog x] --ext-npres x --ext-roc x\
         --ext-serv x --ext-traf x [--forced-disconnect-time x]\
         [--idle-delay-time x] [--offered-time x] [--ext-legacy x]
     extension_profile [-v] [-V] -p [--csp m] [--csp-name x]\
         [--customer x] [--ext-cdiv x] [--ext-cnnlog x] [--ext-npres x]\
         [--ext-roc x] [--ext-serv x] [--ext-traf x]\
         [--forced-disconnect-time x] [--idle-delay-time x] [--offered-time\
         x] [--ext-legacy x] [±s [x]]

PARAMETERS
     -c, --change
        Change some settings. I.e. reconfiguration of an item (or several
        items).
        The switch takes no arguments.

     --csp
        Each Common Service Profile (--csp) represent a combination of
        characteristics for --ext-cdiv, --ext-npres, --ext-roc, --ext-serv
        and --ext-traf. Argument must be an integer in the range 0 to 500.
        The switch requires an argument.

     --csp-name
        States a name for a Common Service Profile (CSP). Allowed
        characters: (0..9,a..z,A..Z, ) Accepted argument length is 1 to 20
        characters.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --customer
        Customer number for the extension. Customer 0 is the default
        customer of the exchange. Argument must be an integer in the range
        0 to 50000. For print operations the default is function dependent,
        for all other operations the default is 0 (zero).
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     -e, --erase
        Erase some settings. I.e. deconfiguration of an item (or several
        items).
        The switch takes no arguments.

     --ext-cdiv
        A switch that has a collection of individual settings. Each
        individual setting is a digit in the numerical value string.
        Pad to length is enabled for this switch. The digits have the
        following meaning:
        D1: External Follow-me.
        States whether user is permitted to do external Follow-me using
        service code *22# (or equivalent soft key).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D2: Follow-me.
        States whether user is permitted to do internal Follow-me using
        service code *21* (or soft key 'Follow-Me').
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D3: Diversion bypass.
        States whether diversion bypass is permitted or not. (Bypass of
        diversion can be set to always permit by using an AS parameter
        (PARNUM 75)).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D4: Diversion on origin extension or a PBX-operator.
        States whether diversion on origin (extension or operator) is
        permitted or not and if common or individual diversion position
        shall be used.
                0 - Default feature not permitted.
                1 - Individual diversion position.
                2 - Common diversion position.
                3 - No diversion shall take place.
        D5: Diversion on origin public line.
        States whether diversion on origin (public external line) is
        permitted or not and if common or individual diversion position
        shall be used.
                0 - Default feature not permitted.
                1 - Individual diversion position.
                2 - Common diversion position.
                3 - No diversion shall take place.
        D6: Diversion on origin private line.
        States whether diversion on origin (private external line) is
        permitted or not and if common or individual diversion position
        shall be used.
                0 - Default feature not permitted.
                1 - Individual diversion position.
                2 - Common diversion position.
                3 - No diversion shall take place.
        D7: Auto bypass of FM for SMS.
        States if diversion bypass for SMS is permitted for follow me.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes. (recommended)
        D8: Auto bypass of EFM for SMS.
        States if diversion bypass for SMS is permitted for external follow
        me.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes. (recommended)
        D9: Permits direct diversion to.
                0 - Only an individual divertee position(**).
                1 - An individual or common divertee position(*).
        D10: Permits diversion to an individual divertee position on
        busy(**).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D11: Permits diversion to an individual divertee position on
        no-answer(**).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D12: Multi Directory Diversion.
        (This facility is only allowed for SIP main directory number and
        for ODN on digital extension).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D13D14: Remote Programming of Diversions.
                00 - Default or feature not allowed.
                01 - Permitted to program follow-me.
                02 - Permitted to program external follow-me.
                04 - Permitted to program diversion on no reply.
                08 - Permitted to program diversion on busy.
                16 - Permitted to program direct diversion.
                32 - Permitted to program diversion on groups.
                     Sum of these values is allowed.
        D15: Diversion on origin.
        States whether private network parties shall have influence or not
        about which of D4-D6 to use.
                0 - Default. Only local type of origin is used for the decision
                    of which of D4-D6 to use.
                1 - Both local and private network type of origin is used for the
                    decision of which of D4-D6 to use.
        (*) If an individual divertee position has not been initiated the
        common divertee position is chosen. If no common divertee position
        has been initiated the procedure for diversion cannot be done.
        (**) If no individual divertee position has been initiated the
        procedure for this facility cannot be utilized.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --ext-cnnlog
        States the characteristics for the centralized name and number log.
        Pad to length is enabled for this switch. The digits have the
        following meaning:
        D1: General centralized name and number log option.
                0 - The centralized name and number log is not active (default).
                1 - The centralized name and number log is active.
        D2: Centralized name and number log, swap call direction option.
                0 - The centralized name and number log, call direction is not
                    swapped (default).
                1 - The centralized name and number log, call direction is swapped.
        For digit D2, the following pickup services can have it's call
        direction swapped: Casacade group answer, Common bell, Group,
        Individual, MNS, Night bell and Take own call.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --ext-legacy
        States the unique characteristics for legacy terminals.
        Pad to length is enabled for this switch. The digits have the
        following meaning:
        D1: Automatic Call Distribution supervisor functionality, only
        supported on DTS.
                0 - Not an ACD supervisor.
                1 - Extension with ACD supervisor functionality.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --ext-npres
        A switch that has a collection of individual settings. Each
        individual setting is a digit in the numerical value string.
        Pad to length is enabled for this switch. The digits have the
        following meaning:
        D1: A-number request from PSTN.
        The extension is allowed or not allowed to request an A-number from
        the PSTN (if the feature is offered).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D2: Number presentation restricted.
        States whether the number is restricted or not (SIP tie line is
        treated as internal), e.g. if the A-number is presented to the
        B-party or not.
                0 - No.
                1 - Internal.
                2 - External.
                3 - Internal and external.
        NOTICE: For internal calls and for private network calls using SIP
        tie-lines, the CLIR/COLR category is sub-divided in
        CLIR/COLR-internal and CLIR/COLR-external. CLIR/COLR-internal is
        used for internal calls and private network calls using SIP
        tie-lines. CLIR/COLR-external is used for public network calls
        using SIP trunk lines. If the other party is outside the own PBX
        (and SIP trunk/tie-line is not used), restriction will be sent for
        the number, if any of CLIR/COLR-internal or CLIR/COLR-external are
        set. See Numbering Operational Directions, section Calling Party
        Number, for more details.
        D3: CLIR per call.
        States whether name and number restriction (CLIR) is permitted per
        call by dialing the procedure *42# before the B-party number.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D4: Extension number to PSTN.
        States whether the extension number or common public number is sent
        to the PSTN (For this to be permitted, the extension must belong to
        the public DDI number series of the PBX).
                0 - No. Common public number will be used, and must be set.
                1 - Yes. Default, extension number will be used.
        D5: CLIR/COLR (name and number presentation restriction override).
                0 - CLIR/COLR override not permitted. (Default)
                1 - CLIR/COLR override is permitted
                    when type of connected party is private 1).
                2 - CLIR/COLR override is permitted
                    when type of connected party is public 2).
                3 - Both 1 and 2 above are permitted.
        1) Private means an extension or a tie-line without network
           services in the same system (internal call) or within the
           private network.
        2) Public means a subscriber in the public network.
        Extension is able to display the other party's number even if the
        presentation is restricted.
        D6: Never display number from PSTN.
        States whether number from PSTN shall be displayed or not. No means
        that the number will be displayed.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D7: Use group identity for incoming calls.
        States if the group number and name shall be used when sending the
        number and name identities to the calling user. No means that the
        user number will be sent. This function is only supported by
        generic extensions.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --ext-roc
        A switch that has a collection of individual settings. Each
        individual setting is a digit in the numerical value string.
        Pad to length is enabled for this switch. The digits have the
        following meaning:
        D1: Facility restriction level.
        Attribute level to make a selective restriction of the use of the
        outgoing routes.
                0..7 - Values.
        D2: Account code for LCR.
        States forced account code when the value of the ACCT parameter
        stated in the LCR tables is X.
                0 - X is 1 or 2.
                1 - X is 2.
                2 - Forced account code is never required.
        D3: Off-hook queuing level.
        Specifies the off hook queuing level, it is compared against the
        outgoing routes threshold level.
                0 - Search for a free route choice is done up to the threshold
                    level 1.
                1 - Search for a free route is done up to the threshold level 1.
                    After that the call is put into the queue for 8 seconds
                    (AS, PARNUM 107) waiting for the first hand choice to
                    become free. If it does not occur, search is started again
                    from the first hand choice and continues up to the route
                    choice marked as threshold level 2.
                2 - Search for a free route is done up to the threshold level 2.
                    After that the call is put into the queue for 8 seconds
                    (AS, PARNUM 107) waiting for the first hand choice to
                    become free. If it does not occur, search is started again
                    from the first hand choice and continues up to the last
                    hand choice.
                3 - Less restricted level. Search is done for all available route
                    choices and no queuing is applied.
        D4: Authorization type for route selection.
        Attribute to make a selective restriction of the use of the
        outgoing routes.
                0 - Normal extension.
                1 - Class A.
                2 - Class B.
                3 - Class C.
                4 - Class D.
                5 - Data extension.
                6 - PABX operator.
                7 - Class E.
        D5D6: TollExchange (01..09, 11).
        Attribute level (category) to make a selective restriction of the
        use of the outgoing routes.
                01 - (default) Toll exchange not used or extension
                     authorized to make outgoing calls towards automatic
                     zone, trunk and international network.
                02 - Hospitality extension authorized for outgoing calls
                     as category 01.
                03 - Extension authorized for local calls only.
                04 - Extension with priority, authorized to make outgoing
                     calls towards automatic zone, trunk and international
                     network as well as chargeable services.
                05 - Extension without priority, free of charge, authorized
                     to make the same calls as category 04.
                06 - Trunk coin box or post office switch board authorized
                     to make the same calls as category 01.
                07 - Extension without priority, authorized to make calls
                     as category 04.
                09 - Coin box.
                11 - Dispatcher(used for private networks).
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --ext-serv
        States the characteristics for services that may be initiated to or
        from an extension. A switch that has a collection of individual
        settings. Pad to length is enabled for this switch. The digits have
        the following meaning:
        D1: Callback characteristics as calling party.
                0 - Not permitted to initiate call back.
                1 - Permitted to initiate automatic call back towards
                    another extension in the same exchange or the private
                    network.
                2 - Permitted to initiate automatic call back towards
                    another extension in the same exchange, in the private.
                    network or towards an external line (no restriction).
                3 - Permitted to initiate automatic call back towards the
                    private network and towards an external line, without
                    dialing a procedure. (No restriction and automatic
                    initiation of callback at busy. This value is mostly
                    used if the terminal is controlled by an application).
        D2,D3 and D4 define the characteristics for the busy service, Call
        Waiting. If the called party (B-party) is busy, the calling party
        (A-party) may (after receiving busy tone) request (initiate) Call
        Waiting via DTMF signaling (standard market: '5'). [Note that the
        settings for B-party (D3) and C-party (D4) will have no effect for
        SIP terminals and for H.323 terminals with Free-On-2nd activated.
        Call Waiting as busy service is not supported on SIP. However, a
        multiline terminal (as for free-On-2nd) will display incoming calls
        on a terminal Line key which also may generate a local Call Waiting
        tone. The A-party will just get alerting tone.]
        D2: Call waiting request permission.
        States whether call waiting is permitted to be requested.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D3: Call waiting protection B.
        The B-party is the target of the Call Waiting request. B terminal
        is notified via call waiting tone and/or blinking led on a line key.
                0 - Full protection. No Call Waiting notification.
                1 - Only Call Waiting notification from another extension.
                2 - Only Call Waiting notification from another extension
                    and PBX operator.
                3 - No protection. Call waiting notification from another
                    extension, PBX operator and external line.
        D4: Call waiting protection C.
        The C-party is the one in speech with the target of the Call
        Waiting request.
                0 - No, call waiting tone will NOT be played on target.
                1 - Yes, call waiting tone will be played on target.
        D5: Intrusion capability level (ICL).
        The intrusion requester's capability level, which will be compared
        to the intruded and third party's intrusion protection level.
                0 - Intrusion request is not allowed.
                1 - Intrusion capability level 1.
                2 - Intrusion capability level 2.
                3 - Intrusion capability level 3 (highest).
        D6: Intrusion protection level (IPL).
        The intruded or third party's intrusion protection levels, which
        will be compared to the intrusion capability level (ICL) of the
        requester.
                0 - No protection. Intrusion always allowed.
                1 - Protection level 1. Can be intruded by requesters who have
                    ICL higher than 1.
                2 - Protection level 2. Can be intruded by requesters who have
                    ICL higher than 2.
                3 - Protection level 3. Can not be intruded.
        D7: Malicious call tracing.
        States if an extension is authorized to initiate malicious call
        tracing.
                0 - Call tracing is NOT allowed.
                1 - Call tracing is allowed.
        D8: Manual message waiting.
        States if an extension is allowed to use the service Manual Message
        Waiting.
                0 - Not allowed.
                1 - Allowed.
        D9: Call Metering.
                0 - Per route (exchange).
                1 - Per extension.
        D10: A-Number request from MFC.
        The extension is allowed or not allowed to request an A-number from
        the MFC trunk (swiss).
                0 - Not allowed.
                1 - Allowed.
        D11: A-Subscriber charged
        Specify if the A-number will be charged or not (only for Swiss MFC
        DID trunks)
                0 - Normal.
                1 - Not charged.
        D12: Individual do-not-disturb (DND).
        States if an extension is authorized to initiate do-not-disturb.
                0 - DND not permitted.
                1 - Individual DND permitted.
        A call to an Individual Do Not Disturb-marked extension will not be
        signalled on the receiving extension. An Individual Do Not
        Disturb-marked extension can still make outgoing calls in the
        normal way.
        D13: Deflect and SST to public destination.
        States whether Deflect and SST is permitted or not to a public
        destination.
        This is also valid for deflect and SST request from CSTA
        applications.
                0 - Not permitted to Deflect and SST to public destination.
                1 - Permitted to Deflect and SST to public destination.
        D14: Hospitality class.
        States the privilege classes.
                0 - Normal extension.
                1 - Room vacant.
                2 - Room occupied.
                3 - Service quarter (only for digital extensions).
        D15: Collect call.
        Specify if an extension is permitted to accept incoming collect
        calls.
                0 - Not allowed.
                1 - Allowed.
        D16: Unused
        D17: Unconditional forced Gateway.
        States whether all the calls to/from IP extensions will be
        unconditionally forced gateway.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D18: Free seating permitted.
        States whether the extension is permitted to use free seating.
        Note, does not affect IP terminals with capability to logon/logoff.
        This function is only supported by generic extensions.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D19: SMS permitted.
        States whether the extension is permitted to use SMS.
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D20: External Controlled Call distribution.
        States whether the external controlled call distribution is
        permitted.
                0 - Normal call distribution.
                1 - Call distribution controlled by external application.
        NOTE, if value 1 is set the switch '--offered-time' has to be set
        as well.
        D21: Common authorization code forbidden.
        States if common authorization code is forbidden (yes) to be used
        from this user or not (no).
                0 - No.
                1 - Yes.
        D22: Multiple terminal service busy option. This category is valid
        at calls towards a user/person which has the multiple terminal
        service.
                0 - If any of the users/persons logged on terminals is busy, the
                    user will be treated as busy.
                1 - If any of the users/persons logged on terminals is busy, the
                    system will ignore the user/person busy status and always
                    try to seize the logged on terminals.
                    If any of the users terminals replies busy during the
                    seizure, the terminal and the user are treated as busy for
                    the actual call.
        D23: Extended services in Intrusion state.
                0 - No extended services.
                1 - Extended services: Parking, Inquiry and Single Step
                    Transfer are permitted for the extension
        D24: Call list deactivation forbidden.
        Controls if the user is allowed to deactivate his/her call list.
        This function is only supported by generic extensions.
                0 - Call list deactivation is allowed.
                1 - Call list deactivation is forbidden.
        D25: Programming Of Group Do Not Disturb category.
        This function is only supported by generic extensions.
                0 - Extension does not have permission to activate/deactivate
                    Group do not disturb.
                1 - Extension has permission to activate/deactivate Group do
                    not disturb.
        D26: Automatic answer.
        States whether the extension shall be ordered to answer
        automatically or not. This function is only supported by Mitel SIP
        extensions.
                0 - Automatic answer will not be ordered.
                1 - Automatic answer will be ordered.
        D27D28: Transfer permission.
        States whether call transfer of an outgoing PSTN call is permitted
        or not, that is, a transfer of an internal call to a public
        external line or to transfer a public external line in an outgoing
        call to an internal extension.
        Transfer category, that is, whether the extension is permitted to
        transfer an internal call to a public external line in an outgoing
        call, or to transfer a public external line in an outgoing call to
        an internal extension. Authorization is required both for transfer
        and for receipt of transferred outgoing public external calls. The
        necessity of a category for this type of transfer depends on the AS
        parameter.
        As intruding party in an intrusion conference the user is permitted
        to change the conference type from intrusion to normal. This is
        done by executing call transfer in the intrusion conference. When
        calling an extension conference leader and performing an intrusion
        the intruding party is permitted to transfer a call into the
        ongoing conference.
                00 - Not permitted to accept transferred or to transfer
                     outgoing external public calls to an internal party
                     or this feature is not used in the system.
                01 - Permitted to transfer outgoing external calls.
                02 - Permitted to accept transferred outgoing external calls.
                     (Above can be altered through command ASPAC, PARNUM=67).
                04 - Not used.
                08 - Permitted to transfer a call into intrusion conference.
                     (If intrusion conference is set, consider global_traffic_data
                     switch --conference-release).
        The value D27D28 is the summation of the above categories.
        D29: Answer Handling
        States whether the extension shall be ordered to answer by a user
        or by an external application (CSTA).
                0 - Answer is controlled by the extension user.
                1 - Answer is controlled by external application (CSTA).
                    Tone shall be provided.
        D30: Logoff restriction.
        States whether the extension shall be fully restricted,
        semi-restricted or not restricted.
        This function is only supported by Mitel SIP extensions (see CPI
        doc. Extension Functionality Comparison).
                0 - Not restricted (permitted to logon/logoff, default).
                1 - Semi-restricted. The first registration will be considered
                    the default extension. The logoff key will then be labeled
                    'TempUser', allowing temporary registration to own extension.
                    Then an automatic registration back to the default extension
                    will take place if the logoff key is pressed or after 4 hours.
                2 - Fully restricted, logoff not allowed.
        NOTICE: Change command for Log-off restriction in ext-serv is only
        allowed from value 0.
        NOTICE: This has no effect for VDP Login as this is a native phone
        function.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --ext-traf
        States the traffic characteristics that an extension may generate.
        A switch that has a collection of individual settings. Pad to
        length is enabled for this switch. The digits have the following
        meaning:
        D1: Emergency Switching.
        States whether the extension is blocked or open for traffic in an
        emergency-switched PBX.
                0 - Blocked.
                1 - Open.
        D2: Direct indialing.
        States whether direct in-dialing traffic to the extension is
        blocked or open.
                0 - Blocked.
                1 - Open.
        D3: Rerouting Limitation.
        States whether incoming calls towards the extension is permitted to
        be rerouted. This facility makes it possible to avoid rerouting
        calls to an extension, which can be, for example, a facsimile, even
        though the incoming route is categorized to allow rerouting.
                0 - No limitation.
                1 - Rerouting blocked.
        D4: Common abbreviated number class.
        States the class of common abbreviated numbers that the extension
        shall belong to. One 'abbreviated dialling common number' is
        assigned to one or several classes in another command.
                0..3 - Values.
        D5D6: TCD Night.
        D7D8: TCD Day.
        States the TCD category in the number analysis that shall be mapped
        to the extension during Day service(see D7D8) and Night service
        (see D5D6). The category states the numbers the extension may dial.
                00..14 - Values.
                15 - Fully Open.
        D9D10: Traffic Connect Class. States the traffic class in the
        traffic group matrix to which the extension belongs. The value in
        the interception point of the traffic group matrix between the
        traffic class belongings of the A-party and B-party, decides
        whether they are permitted to connect. (see operation directions
        'Traffic connection matrix')
                00..14 - Values.
                15 - Fully Open.
        Example:
        The extension traffic category should be as follows:
                - Extension open for all traffic in emergency switched PBX (1).
                - Open for direct in-dialing traffic (1).
                - The extension has no rerouting limitations (0).
                - Permitted to use the common abbreviated numbers that have
                  classified with the abbreviated number category 3 (3).
                - During night service, the extension's TCD category 07
                  should be used. Transmission by the extension during
                  night service is then limited by TCD data in the number
                  analysis in accordance with category 07. (07)
                - During day service, the extension should be fully open (15).
                - The extension should then be connected to A- and B-
                  parties according to the prerequisites for traffic
                  connect class 14 (14).
        gives: '--ext-traf 1103071514'
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --forced-disconnect-time
        Forced disconnect Time. Range : 0, 60 - 65535
        States if the forced disconnect Timer value in Sec.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     --idle-delay-time
        Idle delay time, range: 0 - 10 seconds, default: 0.
        The delay time needed by the mobile network between two calls. Used
        by remote extensions over SIP and ISDN when needed.
        Example: A RXN is the only member of a hunt group that is
        configured so that the member is never unavailable. The member does
        not answer the call and after the ring timeout the next call is
        accepted with delay set by this timer.
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     -i, --initiate
        Initiate some settings. I.e. make initial configuration of an item
        (or several items).
        The switch takes no arguments.

     --offered-time
        The timeout for the 'offered' state in seconds. If the time is zero
        (0), then calls to the extension never enter the 'offered' state.
        If non-zero all calls to the extension enter the 'offered' state
        and waits for actions (for instance from CSTA). If no action is
        received within the time specified, the call processing continues.
        The argument must be an integer in the range 0 to 60. The default
        if the switch is omitted is zero (0).
        The switch requires an argument. The argument is single-valued.

     -p, --print
        Print all or some settings. I.e. print configuration of an item,
        several items, or all items.
        The switch takes no arguments.

     -s, +s, --sort, ++sort
        Specify sorting criteria for printout. If no sorting is specified,
        the printout is unsorted. If sort switch is given without
        arguments, the printout will be sorted on CSP
        -s and --sort specify ascending sort order. +s and ++sort specify
        descending sort order. Possible values are: 'CDIV', 'CNNLOG',
        'CSP', 'CSPNAME', 'FORCEDDISCONNECT', 'IDLEDELAYTIME', 'LEGACY',
        'NPRES', 'OFFEREDTIME', 'ROC', 'SERV', 'TRAF', 'cdiv', 'cnnlog',
        'csp', 'cspname', 'forceddisconnect', 'idledelaytime', 'legacy',
        'npres', 'offeredtime', 'roc', 'serv', 'traf'.
        The switch takes an optional argument. The argument is
        single-valued.

     -v, --verbose
        Turn on verbose output (i.e. progress information) to standard
        error.
        The switch takes no arguments.

     -V, --verbose-to-syslog
        Turn on verbose logging to syslog (usually to /var/log/messages).
        The switch takes no arguments.


DESCRIPTION
     The command is used to change, erase, initiate and print common user
     data.

EXAMPLES
     Change the common service profile 10 to have the following --ext-serv
     categories:
     Not permitted to initiate automatic callback. Permitted to initiate
     transmission of call waiting. Permitted to see a Call Waiting
     notification from another extension. Not permitted to here the Call
     Waiting notification as C-party. Permitted to initiate intrusion and
     open for intrusion. Priority of intrusion 2. The extension is not
     permitted to initiate malicious call tracing. Not permitted to use the
     function Manual Message Waiting. Calls are to be metered per
     extension. The extension is not permitted to do A-Number request from
     MFC. The extension does not have A-Subscriber charged. The extension
     is permitted to use Individual Do Not Disturb. The extension shall
     belong to the hospitality class Normal extension. Permitted to accept
     collect calls. No conversion is done of the internal ring signal. Do
     not force the calls from or to IP terminal to be GW. The extension is
     not a free seating extension. The extension shall not have SMS
     service. Common authorization code is not forbidden. For multiple
     terminal service busy option, if any of the users terminals is busy
     the user will be treated as busy. The extension does not have extended
     service support in intrusion state. Call list deactivation is
     allowed.Extension is allowed to program Group do not disturb. Answer
     is controlled by the extension user. No logoff restriction.

     and the following --ext-npres categories:
     The request of A-number from the PSTN is not restricted for the
     extension. The presentation of number is not restricted. CLIR per call
     is not permitted. The directory number of the extension may be sent to
     the public exchange. CLIR/COLR override not active. Never display
     number from PSTN is not active. User identity shall be used for
     incoming calls.
        example% extension_profile -c --csp 10 --ext-serv\
            011020001011001000000000000100 --ext-npres 1001000

     Erase the common service profile 18.
        example% extension_profile -e --csp 18

     Create the common service profile 4 with:

     Offered time category --offered-time:

     Maximum time duration for the extension in offered state is 45 seconds.

     And Call distribution is controlled by external application.

     Traffic category --ext-traf:

     The extension is blocked for initiation of traffic for an emergency
     switched PBX. Open for indialing traffic from the public exchange. The
     extension has no rerouting limitations. Permitted to use the common
     abbreviated numbers that have the abbreviated number traffic class 3.
     During night service the extension TCD-category 07 shall be used.
     Digit transmission by the extension during night service is then
     limited by the TCD-data in the number analysis in accordance with
     category 07. During day service the extension shall be fully open. The
     extension shall then be connected to A and B-parties according to the
     prerequisites for traffic group 14.

     Service category --ext-serv:

     Permitted to initiate automatic call back towards another extension
     and towards an external line. Permitted to initiate call waiting tone
     towards another party and permitted to accept call waiting tone from
     another extension and PBX operator as both B- and C-party. Permitted
     to initiate intrusion and open for intrusion. Priority of intrusion 1.
     No intrusion protection. The extension is permitted to initiate
     malicious call tracing. Not permitted to use the function Manual
     Message Waiting. Calls are to be metered per route. The extension is
     not permitted to do A-Number request from MFC. The extension does not
     have A-Subscriber charged. The extension is permitted to use
     Individual Do Not Disturb. The extension shall belong to the
     hospitality class Normal extension. Permitted to accept collect calls.
     The internal ring signal is to be converted to the (call back) alarm
     ring signal. Force the calls from or to IP terminal to be GW. The
     extension is not a free seating extension. The extension shall not
     have SMS service. Common authorization code is not forbidden. For
     multiple terminal service busy option, if any of the users terminals
     is busy the user will be treated as busy. The extension does not have
     extended service support in intrusion state. Call list deactivation is
     allowed. Extension is not allowed to program Group do not disturb. The
     extension shall be permitted to both transfer and receive transferred
     outgoing external public calls. Answer is controlled by external
     application and Tone shall be provided

     Diversion category --ext-cdiv:

     External Follow me is not permitted. Follow me is not permitted. The
     extension has permission to initiate diversion bypass. There is no
     diversion on origin for internal extension. Diversion on origin, for
     public external line, to a common position. Diversion on origin, for
     private external line, to an individual position. No diversion bypass
     for SMS messages. The extension is permitted to use the facility
     direct diversion to the individual divertee position. The extension is
     permitted to use the facility diversion on busy. The extension is
     permitted to use the facility diversion on no-answer. The extension is
     not permitted to use the Multi Directory Diversion.Remote Programming
     of Diversions shall not be allowed.

     Routing categories --ext-roc:

     FRL category 2 is assigned. Forced account code is not required. LCR
     number 2 is to be used. Class B is the authorization type for route
     selection. Toll exchange category (AON) is not used.

     Number presentation category --ext-npres:

     The request of A-number from the PSTN is restricted for the extension.
     The presentation of number is not restricted. CLIR per call is not
     permitted. The directory number of the extension may be sent to the
     public exchange. CLIR/COLR override is active only for public network.
     Never display number from PSTN is not active. User identity shall be
     used for incoming calls.
        example% extension_profile -i --csp 4  --offered-time 45\
            --ext-traf 0103071514 --ext-serv 212110100011001010010000000110\
            --ext-cdiv 001021000110000 --ext-roc 222201 --ext-npres 0001200

     Print the common service profile number 3.
        example% extension_profile -p --csp 3

     Print the common service profiles in the system that have the values
     stated for the parameters --ext-traf, --ext-serv, and --ext-cdiv.
        example% extension_profile -p --ext-traf 0103071514 --ext-serv\
            212110100011001010010000000100 --ext-cdiv 001021000101000


For more complete help type 'extension_profile --help-complete'.
